call 3

v   The Protocol version. The current value is '1'. This will only change when there are changes made that are not backwards compatible.
_v 	SDK Version number
a   The 'a' parameter is a random number generated and used to link Google Analytics to Google Adsense. It is the equivalent of utmhid used in Google Analytics classic version.
t	The type of hit. Must be one of 'pageview', 'screenview', 'event', 'transaction', 'item', 'social', 'exception', 'timing
_s 	hit Sequence - increments each time an event (inc pageview)
dl  Document location URL
ul 	User Language
de  Document Encoding
dt	Document Title
sd 	Screen Colors
sr 	Screen Resolution
vp 	Viewport size
je	Java Enabled
ec	Event Category
ea  Specifies the event action. Must not be empty.
el	Specifies the event label.
_u	Verifi­cation code generated by GA analyt­ics.js
jid	JoinID (binding your GA cookie to Double­Click cookie)
gjid
cid Client ID   This field is required if User ID (uid) is not specified in the request. This anonymously identifies a particular user, device, or browser instance. For the web, this is generally stored as a first-party cookie with a two-year expiration. For mobile apps, this is randomly generated for each particular instance of an application install. The value of this field should be a random UUID (version 4) as described in
tid Tracking ID / Web Property ID The format is UA-XXXX-Y. All collected data is associated by this ID.   Tracking ID (your UA number)
_gid
z	cache buster(Used to send a random number in GET requests to ensure browsers and proxies don't cache hits. It should be sent as the final parameter of the request since we've seen some 3rd party internet filtering software add additional parameters to HTTP requests incorrectly. This value is not used in reporting.)

call2

dp	Document Path The path portion of the page URL. Should begin with '/'. For 'pageview' hits, either &dl or both &dh and &dp have to be specified for the hit to be valid.

call1

cos	Checkout Step The step number in a checkout funnel. This is an additional parameter that can be sent when Product Action is set to 'checkout'. For analytics.js the Enhanced Ecommerce plugin must be installed before using this field.
col Checkout Step Option Additional information about a checkout step. This is an additional parameter that can be sent when Product Action is set to 'checkout'. For analytics.js the Enhanced Ecommerce plugin must be installed before using this field.